[doc,guide] mention also diffusers not just transformers (#2719)
gradio-app/gradio: guides/04_integrating_other_frameworks/01_using_hugging_face_integrations.md

## Introduction

> The Hugging Face Hub is a central platform that has over 30,000 [models](https://huggingface.co/models), 3,000 [datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets) and 2,000 [demos](https://huggingface.co/spaces), also known as Spaces. From Natural Language Processing to Computer Vision and Speech, the Hub supports multiple domains. Although Hugging Face is famous for its 🤗 transformers and diffusers libraries, the Hub also supports dozens of ML libraries, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, spaCy, and many others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Hugging Face Hub is a central platform that has over 90,000 [models](https://huggingface.co/models), 14,000 [datasets](https://huggingface.co/datasets) and 14,000 [demos](https://huggingface.co/spaces), also known as Spaces. From Natural Language Processing to Computer Vision and Speech, the Hub supports multiple domains. Although Hugging Face is famous for its 🤗 transformers and diffusers libraries, the Hub also supports dozens of ML libraries, such as PyTorch, TensorFlow, spaCy, and many others.
```

## Using Hugging Face Inference API

> Hugging Face has a service called the [Inference API](https://huggingface.co/inference-api) which allows you to send HTTP requests to models in the Hub. For transformers or diffusers-based models, the API can be 2 to 10 times faster than running the inference yourself. The API is free (rate limited), and you can switch to dedicated [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/pricing) when you want to use it in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hugging Face has a free service called the [Inference API](https://huggingface.co/inference-api), which allows you to send HTTP requests to models in the Hub. For transformers or diffusers-based models, the API can be 2 to 10 times faster than running the inference yourself. The API is free (rate limited), and you can switch to dedicated [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/pricing) when you want to use it in production.
```
